SUNDAY WORSHIP SERVICE 
JUNE 2, 2024 
ORDER OF SERVICE 
WELCOME & PRAYER    
MUSICAL WORSHIP  The musical worship team will lead us in songs 
and prayers to God 
INFANT BAPTISM  
GREETING TIME & ANNOUNCEMENTS   
GIVING & GRATITUDE  Give through the offering plate, QR code on 
next page, or text the amount you want to give to 617-219-9127 
SCRIPTURE READING Read by Noah Shin  
TIME OF TEACHING Pastor Larry Kim will be speaking on “Build 
Together: The Goodness of God” from Nehemiah 7-9 
COMMUNION Open to all who believe and profess faith in Jesus Christ 
RESPONSE & WORSHIP   
CLOSING PRAYER & ANNOUNCEMENTS   
Wɰlcʝȷɏ!
       
AFTER THE SERVICE... 
· Join us for snacks during fellowship time, and meet someone new! 
· Parents, pick up Nursery & PreK/K kids directly after the service.  
Elementary & Youth pickup is at 12:30pm. 
· Prayer is available for you in the sanctuary after service. 
If you are new or want to learn more about CSC, we’d love to meet 
you! Come to the Blue Welcome Tent after the service to talk to a 
member of our Hospitality Team and receive a small gift. We also invite 
you to fill out a yellow connect card or visit centralsquare.church/new to 
learn more. 
 
Kids & Youth: Parent should sign children in AND out. If you are new, 
register your child using the QR code. We invite all children to join us 
during worship. Kids and youth will be dismissed after musical worship. 
Nursery & PreK/K rooms are in fellowship hall. Elementary classroom is 
on the upper level, use Magazine St stairs. Youth will remain in the 
service today.   
 
Nursing Moms: There is a nursing room in the small room in the lounge. 
(next to the fellowship hall). Our ushers can help you find the room. 
The sacrament of baptism, through the sacred means of water and the 
word, is a sign and seal of the new covenant in Jesus Christ, whereby God 
cleanses our sin and welcomes us into the family of God. When parents 
bring their child for baptism, the emphasis is not on our response, but on 
what God has already graciously done for us through Jesus Christ. God 
has already provided the means of salvation and nurture within the com-
munity of faith, with the hope that one day the child may acknowledge his 
or her acceptance of new life in Christ. Through water and the word, the 
child is indelibly marked with the sign of the covenant, conveying a new 
identity to the baptized in the name of the Triune God—Father, Son, and 
Holy Spirit.  
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
 
  —The Covenant Book of Worship 
Maya Azor Baten 
Parents:  Catherine & Austin Baten  
Sponsors:  
Nathan Groenewold & 
 
Katie Van Zanen 
Fun Fact:  Maya loves chasing her big 
brother Watson around and 
picking up random objects 
around the house and moving 
them from here to there.  
INFANT BAPTISM 
ANNOUNCEMENTS (continued on next page) 
 
Soccer Nights is coming soon! Volunteers Needed! 
Soccer Nights (happening June 24-28 at Donnelly Field) is a free, 
summer evening soccer clinic offered to children ages 5-12 that seeks to 
promote athletic skill, leadership development and citywide unity. We 
need a big team with a variety of gifts—everything from hospitality to 
logistics to coaching! 
· 
Volunteers: sign up online and attend a mandatory training on 
6/9 from 2-4pm at Donnelly Field. 
· 
Parents: registration is open online. Sign up today! 
In either capacity, we encourage you to invite friends and neighbors to 
join you. Visit centralsquare.church/soccernights for more info and 
registration.  
PLEASE HELP KEEP OUR CHURCH CLEAN! Throw away communion cups and 
recycle bulletins near exit doors. 
S TAY  I N  T O U C H !  
By divine grace, our vision is for every person in Cambridge, 
Greater Boston, and the World to encounter Jesus and be 
transformed by God’s love. Empowered by the Holy Spirit, we will 
know God, love neighbor, pursue healing, and seek justice. 
Email Announcements:  
Sign up to receive official church communication, including upcoming events 
and Sunday service updates, at centralsquare.church/getupdates. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 @csquarechurch 
 
info@centralsquare.church   § www.centralsquare.church 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Ephesians Sunday School:  Join us today as we begin a six week study of 
the book of Ephesians! We will be gathering in the Upstairs Elementary 
Classroom from 12:45-2:15pm to learn together. This Sunday School will run 
from June 2 to July 7. Whether you can make it to one session or to all, we 
invite you to join  us! 
 
All Church Retreat: Save the Date for a churchwide retreat on Saturday June 
29 in Pawtucket, RI (the home of Traction and the Black Block).  The retreat 
will be from 9:30am to 4pm. Cost is $30/person for children and adults. 
Childcare and kids/youth programming will be available for all kids age 1 
and older. Don’t let cost keep you from going—scholarships are available! 
You can also offer or request a ride on the registration form. Get more details 
and register today using the QR code on the pew or at centralsqu-
are.church/retreat 
 
TODAY: House Church Leaders Meet & Greet  Join us in the Lounge today 
after the service around 12:30pm! If you have any interest in what it might 
mean to lead or host a House Church this fall we invite you to drop in or 
email us at hc@centralsquare.church 
 
Youth Worship Night: Youth are invited to join us on Friday June 14 from 7-
9pm for a joint worship night at CSC in collaboration with ﬁve other Youth 
Groups in Cambridge. There will be dinner, worship, and a message. Email 
youth@centralsquare.church to RSVP.  
 
You can scan this QR code to: 
· Fill out a connect card and get more info 
· Give offering online 
· Find latest announcements & links for more info 
